Update time doc with tzdb support (#990)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/javaTime.rst

- `ZonedDateTime`_ : a date time with a time zone: the combination of a `LocalDateTime`_ and a `ZoneId`_.
- `ZoneRules`_ : defines the offsets from UTC, the daylight saving time rules, and how they change over time, for a specific time zone.
- `ZoneRulesProvider`_ : provides the time zone rules to all the zone-aware classes of the library. Meant to be implemented by custom time zone rule providers.

Default Zone Rules Provider
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default, the library uses a provider that is lightweight and designed to handle only the time zone rules for the ``GMT`` (Greenwich Mean Time) zone.
This is suitable for operations on dates and times that do not depend on time zone considerations.
Any attempt to use another zone ID than ``GMT`` will throw a `ZoneRulesException`_ because the ID is unknown.
For example,

.. code-block:: java

    // Displaying the available time zones - will list a single item: "GMT"
    Set<String> zoneIds = ZoneId.getAvailableZoneIds();
    for (String zoneId : zoneIds) {
        System.out.println(zoneId);
    }

    // Creating a ZonedDateTime instance - will throw a ZoneRulesException

>     ZonedDateTime specificDateTime = ZonedDateTime.of(2023, 7, 15, 14, 30, 0, 0, ZoneId.of("Europe/Dublin")); // July 15, 2023, 2:30 PM in Dublin

Reviewer: isn't this example redundant with the next one? when running this example, ZoneRulesException is thrown by ZoneId.of(), not by  ZonedDateTime.of()

    // Creating a ZoneId instance from a region ID - will throw a ZoneRulesException 
    ZoneId tokyoTimeZone = ZoneId.of("Asia/Tokyo");

TZDB Zone Rules Provider
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The library also defines a provider of zone rules for the time zones defined in the `IANA Time Zone Database <https://www.iana.org/time-zones>`_ (TZDB).
The TZDB zone rules provider reads the zones and rules from a binary resource at runtime.

To use this provider, set the constant ``java.time.zone.DefaultZoneRulesProvider`` to ``java.time.zone.TzdbZoneRulesProvider``.

Here is an example of a ``*.constants.list`` file, defining this provider as the default:

.. code-block:: jproperties 

   java.time.zone.DefaultZoneRulesProvider=java.time.zone.TzdbZoneRulesProvider

It is also recommended to add the class name ``java.time.zone.TzdbZoneRulesProvider`` to a ``*.types.list`` file: the class name is required to 
instantiate the provider and can not be known at compile-time.

Compared to the ``TzdbZoneRulesProvider`` of Java SE distributions, this implementation uses less Java heap at runtime, making it more suitable for embedded devices.

.. note::

>    The TZDB zone rules provider requires a target VEE that uses an architecture version ``8.1.1`` minimum (for ``8.x``), or ``7.20.5`` minimum (for ``7.x``).

Reviewer: VEE Port?

Author: ok

TZDB Binary Generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The binary resource from which the provider reads the zone rules is generated from the timezone database file included in the JDK installation (``tzdb.dat``).

To generate the binary file and use it in an application, do the following:

1. Locate the ``tzdb.dat`` file in a local JDK installation (``/path/to/jdk/lib/tzdb.dat``),

> 2. Copy the ``tzdb.dat`` file to one of the ``main`` folders of an application project (e.g., ``/src/main/resources/com/mycompany/tzdb.dat``),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the ``tzdb.dat`` file to one of the ``main`` folders of the application project (e.g., ``/src/main/resources/com/mycompany/tzdb.dat``),
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add the ``tzdb.dat`` file to the application resources (e.g., ``src/main/resources/com/mycompany/tzdb.dat``),
```

> 2. Copy the ``tzdb.dat`` file to one of the ``main`` folders of an application project (e.g., ``/src/main/resources/com/mycompany/tzdb.dat``),

Reviewer 2: Can we maybe specify what is the behavior if application does not provide this file ?
It seems to me this raises an `IllegalStateException` when calling `ZoneId.of()`.

The following files are generated in ``src-adpgenerated/tzdb/java``:

- a ``.resourcebuffer``, a resource buffer containing a binary representation of the zone rules,
- a ``.resourcebuffer.list`` which references the ``.resourcebuffer``,
- a ``.resources.list`` which references the ``tzdb`` binary to embed (``/java/time/zone/tzdb``).

The ``/java/time/zone/tzdb`` binary will be automatically generated from the ``.resourcebuffer`` when building the application or running it in the Simulator.

.. note::
   Since the ``tzdb`` binary is referenced by the generated ``.resources.list``, the SOAR will embed it in the application binary (as an internal resource).

Loading the TZDB Binary as an External Resource
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``tzdb`` binary can be declared as an external resource to be loaded from another location (e.g. from a FileSystem).
To load it as an external resource, it has to be referenced in a ``*.externresources.list`` file, 
in which case the SOAR will output the resource in the :ref:`external_resources_folder` instead. 
See :ref:`chapter.microej.applicationResources` for more information about external resources.

.. note::

>    Loading external resources requires a target VEE that uses the :ref:`External Resources Loader<section_externalresourceloader>`.

Reviewer: VEE Port?

Author: ok

Follow the steps below to declare the ``tzdb`` binary as an external resource:

- Create a ``*.externresources.list`` file in the ``src/main/resources/`` folder,
- Add the following path to the file:
  
  .. code::
  
   /java/time/zone/tzdb

- Build the application executable,
- The ``tzdb`` resource is now available in the :ref:`external_resources_folder`.
  This resource must be transferred to the target device's memory and loaded from the path ``/java/time/zone/tzdb``, using the :ref:`External Resources Loader<section_externalresourceloader>`.

TZDB Updates
^^^^^^^^^^^^

To get the latest zone rules, use the ``tzdb.dat`` file of an updated JDK. 
To update the JDK at ``JDK_HOME``, use the `TZUpdater tool <https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/tools/#TZUpdater>`_ and run the following command:
  
  .. code::

>    java -jar tzupdater.jar -l https://www.iana.org/time-zones/repository/tzdata-latest.tar.gz

Reviewer 2: https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/tzupdater-readme.html
> The TZUpdater tool modifies the JDK/JRE software instance that is used to execute the tool.

>    java -jar tzupdater.jar -l https://www.iana.org/time-zones/repository/tzdata-latest.tar.gz

Author: added this into a note of "using the tzdb provider" like you proposed

>    java -jar tzupdater.jar -l https://www.iana.org/time-zones/repository/tzdata-latest.tar.gz

Author: sounds good, I followed an organization close to what you propose. For now, I removed the part about generated files, maybe useless (?)

>    java -jar tzupdater.jar -l https://www.iana.org/time-zones/repository/tzdata-latest.tar.gz

Reviewer 2: Great, thank you!
I thought about asking to remove them initially but then I was not sure if it would help to explain the external resource flow.
I am good with your update.

   ZoneId.of("CST-0115"); // throws ZoneRulesException
   ZoneId.of("Asia/Tokyo"); // throws ZoneRulesException

   Set<String> zoneIds = ZoneId.getAvailableZoneIds(); // returned set contains only "GMT"

TZDB Zone Rules Provider
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The library also defines a provider of zone rules for the time zones defined in the `IANA Time Zone Database <https://www.iana.org/time-zones>`_ (TZDB).

The TZDB provider reads the zones and rules from a raw resource at runtime.
Compared to the ``TzdbZoneRulesProvider`` of Java SE distributions, this implementation uses less Java heap at runtime, making it more suitable for embedded devices.

.. warning::
   The TZDB provider requires a target VEE Port that uses an architecture version ``8.1.1`` minimum (for ``8.x``), or ``7.20.5`` minimum (for ``7.x``).

Using the TZDB Provider
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To use this provider, set the constant ``java.time.zone.DefaultZoneRulesProvider`` to ``java.time.zone.TzdbZoneRulesProvider`` in a ``*.constants.list`` file, like below:

.. code-block:: jproperties 

   java.time.zone.DefaultZoneRulesProvider=java.time.zone.TzdbZoneRulesProvider

.. note:: 

>    It is also recommended to add the class name ``java.time.zone.TzdbZoneRulesProvider`` to a ``*.types.list`` file: the class name is required to instantiate the provider and can not be known at compile-time.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to require the user to do that rather than only a recommendation in a note.

- No formatting or parsing methods (methods ``parse``, ``format``, ``getDisplayName``, ``ofLocale``).
- Removed the method ``ZoneRulesProvider.registerProvider(ZoneRulesProvider provider)``. The unique provider is defined with the constant ``java.time.zone.DefaultZoneRulesProvider``.
- Static methods in interfaces are not supported and were removed or moved (see below).
- Default methods in interfaces are not supported and were removed (pulled down in concrete types).
- Removed static methods ``TemporalAdjusters.ofDateAdjuster(UnaryOperator<LocalDate> dateBasedAdjuster)`` and ``WeekFields.of(Locale locale)``.
- No overflow checks on calculations (removed ``throws ArithmeticException`` when relevant). Excessively checking for overflow in all calculations can impact performance negatively.
- No null checks on method arguments. Developers are encouraged to use the :ref:`Null Analysis <null_analysis>` tool to detect null access and adhere to the API Javadoc specifications.

> - Remove the ``toString()`` methods in the classes of package ``java.time.zone`` (used for debugging only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No ``toString()`` method implementation in the classes of the ``java.time.zone``  package (it was only used for debugging).
```

Reviewer 2: I think this list should start with something like "For light-footprint purposes:".
Then I would propose:
```suggestion
- The classes from the ``java.time.zone`` package do not provide a human readable implementation of ``toString()``
```
I am not sure to understand "used for debugging".

Reviewer 2: BTW, after some tests, it seems at list supported for some.
`System.out.println(ZonedDateTime.now(zoneId));` does print the date in a human readable manner (date time format)

Author: yes some of the classes in the `java.time` package have a `toString` method that returns a human-readable String (dates and times). But in subpackage `zone` this is not the case.
